Remaining RNG changes: parallel R interface, standalone support, new types, docs (#290)
mrc-ide/dust: vignettes/rng.Rmd

```
[random integer] -> [random real] -> [random draw from a distribution]
```

We include 12 different algorithms for creating the underlying random integer, from the [same family of generators](https://prng.di.unimi.it/).  These provide different underlying storage types (either 32 bit or 64 bit integers) and different state types.

Normally you do not need to worry about these details and declaring

```cc
typedef dust::random::generator<real_type> rng_state_type;
```

in your model will select a reasonable generator.

If for some reason you want to try a different generator you can directly specify one of the types, for example

```cc
typedef dust::random::xoshiro256starstar_state rng_state_type;
```

which means that whatever real type you use, you want to use the Xoshiro256** generator.

The supported types are:

* `xoshiro256starstar`, `xoshiro256plusplus`, `xoshiro256plus` (4 x 64 bit state)
* `xoroshiro128starstar`, `xoroshiro128plusplus`, `xoroshiro128plus` (2 x 64 bit state)
* `xoshiro128starstar`, `xoshiro128plusplus`, `xoshiro128plus` (4 x 32 bit state)

> * `xoshiro256starstar`, `xoshiro256plusplus`, `xoshiro256plus` (8 x 64 bit state; this is far more state space than typically needed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `xoshiro512starstar`, `xoshiro512plusplus`, `xoshiro512plus` (8 x 64 bit state; this is far more state space than typically needed)
```
